Q1

Prototype is the act of making the software applications prototypes which is basically an incomplete version of the software program that is being developed. It takes place in software development and is comparable to prototyping as known in other fields like that of manufacturing and mechanical engineering. However, it is completely different from that of the final product and stimulates only a few aspects.

Q3

As work moves outward on the spiral, the product moves toward a more complete state and the level of abstraction at which work is performed is reduced (i.e., implementation specific work accelerates as we move further from the origin).

Q4

Agile scrum methodology is a sprint-based project management system with the goal of delivering the highest value to stakeholders.Agile scrum methodology is used by companies of all sizes for its ability to provide high-end collaboration and efficiency for project-based work. Agile and scrum are two different methods and can be used separately; however, their combined benefits make the agile scrum methodology the most popular use of agile.

Agile scrum methodology is the combination of the agile philosophy and the scrum framework. Agile means “incremental, allowing teams to develop projects in small increments. Scrum is one of the many types of agile methodology, known for breaking projects down into sizable chunks called “sprints.” Agile scrum methodology is good for businesses that need to finish specific projects quickly.

Agile scrum methodology is a project management system that relies on incremental development. Each iteration consists of two- to four-week sprints, where the goal of each sprint is to build the most important features first and come out with a potentially deliverable product. More features are built into the product in subsequent sprints and are adjusted based on stakeholder and customer feedback between sprints.

Q5

CFD charts are a powerful tool that Kanban teams can use to measure flow and analyze trends about a team's performance. Think of a CFD chart as a storyteller. It paints a picture of how workflows through your Kanban system within a period.
A Cumulative Flow Diagram is a graphical representation of work as it flows through your Kanban system. It is a time-based plot, with the time interval in the x-axis and the number of cards in the y-axis. The graph is divided into different colored bands, with the bands representing a state or column in your Kanban board.
